Update prerequisites document. (#27)
CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs: docs/Onboarding/Prerequisites_Guide.md

## Containerized Product Deployment

Everything that runs within OpenShift CI runs as a pod on an OpenShift cluster, therefore if you have installation automation that you need to run, you need to first create a container image capable of running your test suite that we can use to create a container within a pod on the [OpenShift CI build clusters](https://docs.ci.openshift.org/docs/getting-started/useful-links/#clusters).

> If your product is and operator and does not require any special installatin steps then we can use the existing cli container image and the [install-operators ref](https://steps.ci.openshift.org/reference/install-operators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your product is an operator and does not require any special installation steps, then we can use the existing cli container image and the [install-operators ref](https://steps.ci.openshift.org/reference/install-operators).
```
